The function of this learning
IoT platform is an ability to
scan and collect broadcast
information published by
Bluetooth low energy devices.
Bluetooth low energy devices
typically operate over a logical
link control, an adaptation
protocol. There are various
different frame types that
define how broadcast messages
are organized. Apple I, beacon
and Google. Etta stone frame
types are very common.
Bluetooth low energy devices
may have on board sensors
with Telemetry included in
the messages published.
Here. Is an example of a
kontakt, IO, Bluetooth low
energy beacon which broadcast
sensor readings of dry bulb
temperature and acceleration.
The device supports I
Beacon, Eddystone and
Kontakt IO frame types.
Bluetooth low energy devices
typically do not use Internet
protocols to communicate.
Therefore we need to set
up a gateway device to
collect the information
these devices publish.